# Machine-Failure-Prediction---HANA-DB

**In this project, I tried to show how to connect Python Interface with HANA cloud DB with hana_ml and hdbcli using a simple Example.**

## Project Description:

   Train a ML model using the daa extracted from HANA Cloud using hana_ml. Using the trained model create a streamlit application to consume it.

## Problem Descrioption:

   To predict the failure of the machine before it happen to avoid it. The data of the machine are captured using sensors and saved in s/4hana. 
        
## Requirements:

   Need to have SAP BTP, SAP Hana Cloud account. You can access free trial account by following the steps mention in this [link](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/hcp-create-trial-account.html)
   S/4Hana Subscription (If need to use data from SAP S/4 Hana)
   Knowledge of Python, ML, API's, Hana DB, Hana_ml
   Autendication to access Hana_ml, ScriptServer.
        
## Project Workflow:

   Link table contains data generated by machine with the hana db using CDS views. (Not Included in this project)
   Connect Hana cloud DB with python using python Interface.
   Access and explore Data from Hana DB
   Train ML model using desired algorithms. Hana_ml provides two set of algorithms contains 1000s of algorithms(APL and PAL). (In this project Algoithms from Hana_ml is not used).
   Create a Application (Streamlit is used here) to consume the ML model trained.
   Deploy the application in SAP BTP CF (not included in this project, If needed you can refer in this [link](https://blogs.sap.com/2022/12/21/build-machine-learning-apps-quickly-and-easily-with-sap-btp-kyma-and-streamlit/))
        
## Files Descrioption:

### Hana_db_Machine_Failure_prediction:

   In this notebook, I connected HANA DB with Python using python Interface - hana_ml and hdbcli. To know more about this connection use this [link](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_HANA_PLATFORM/0eec0d68141541d1b07893a39944924e/d12c86af7cb442d1b9f8520e2aba7758.html?version=2.0.02). Then the Data from Hana DB is Extracted and saved as pandas DF (You can train the model using Hana_ml Algorithms as well, without converting it to pandas). Explore and transform the data. I used RandomForest and Logistic Regression as ML model. By comparing both the algorithms, RandomForest provides more accuracy. The model saved as pkl file.
        
### app.py:
    

